[WHOOSHING SOUND]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LINDA MOULTON HOWE: With me
today on this "Truth Hunter"
special is Tim, a
tactical advisor
to covert German
analysts who are trying
to understand the
missions and strategies
of non-human intelligences
on our planet,
in this solar system and beyond.
Tim, welcome to this special
edition of "Truth Hunter."
>>TIM: Thank you,
Linda, for having me.
>>LINDA: In terms of the Greys
having knowledge that you may
have overheard in telepathy
or they have put it into you
directly, have you gained any
information about the reptiles
from the Greys--
at least from the
Greys' point of view
about what the Reptilians
specifically want
and what the relationship
is between the Greys
and the Reptilians?
>>TIM: So first of all, I need
to say that reptile is only
like a classification,
genetically,
of a certain species.
So if we're talking
about reptiles,
there are many, many species
that fall into this group.
And for example, I had one
occasion where I accidentally
ran into a reptile life form.
>>LINDA: Which type?
Lizard or alligator or what?
>>TIM: So the story
is as follows.
There was a certain event
where people gathered
and someone came
up to me and seemed
to be quite of interest
of me and asked me
if I'm as well a chameleon.
So-- I mean, I
was thinking about
in a philosophical way
about my standpoint
on society and the way, maybe,
fitting into society and stuff,
and I just said, yes sure.
>>LINDA: A chameleon blends in?
>>TIM: Right.
Like a metaphor in some way.
But I mean, that seemed
to be quite literal,
what he was asking.
Because what I then learned
and this being started
to talk to me about credits.
He said, oh, good.
OK.
I have gathered x amount
of credits already.
And I thought like, what
are you talking about?
I have no idea where this
conversation is going,
you know?
So I just said like,
I mean, like, yeah.
OK, cool.
Good for you and stuff.
And that was the
moment where I learned
that the universe itself
has a currency that
is called Galactic credit or
however you want to call it.
And it's based upon gold.
And this being seemed to be
part of a group of reptiles that
blended into society by
irradiating frequency
so that they seemed human.
They seem to be in a human form.
>>LINDA: Was it involved
with your German group?
Was that meeting involved
through the German group?
>>TIM: The specific subject or
person that we're talking about
wasn't involved with that.
This specific group seems
to be on a kind of mission
in order to gain as
many profit as possible.
>>LINDA: Profit?
>>TIM: Profit.
Out of the situation that
Earth is facing right now.
>>LINDA: And it would be profit
in barter, profit in what?
>>TIM: So in this
particular case,
it seems like the profit comes
from what he was referring
to as credits, which seems to
be a currency that is being used
in the interstellar relationship
to different other planets.
It's gold-based and this
particular reptile being
and his group,
which I've not met,
but he seemed to be looking
for members of his group,
and I caught his attention
and he came up to me
and this being was able to
bring out a frequency that
seems to be human.
So I was looking
at a human figure.
>>LINDA: Yeah.
They're called holoforms.
>>TIM: Oh good.
>>LINDA: They project holoforms.
It's like a
holographic technology.
It's highly refined, and it's my
understanding that a projected
holoform over the
beings that use it,
we would think that
it was a human,
we could literally touch.
But that it's a light projected,
and it is a camouflage.
It can even be a
cactus in the desert.
>>TIM: It-- yes.
>>LINDA: It could be
an ET projecting as--
>>TIM: Right.
And this very specific
species was doing it
by their psionic features.
So they didn't use a technology,
but they used their own very
strong psionics in order to--
exactly what the technology
would do, how did you call it?
>>LINDA: A holoform.
>>TIM: A holoform.
So that's what they created.
They banded the
light in such a way
that it seemed to be a human.
And the interesting thing
is, because we became--
we met on certain occasions
three, four times or something
and had just a
private conversation
about how this species
receives and perceives life
and it was just curious--
so it wasn't in the
project, something outside.
And the interesting
thing is that this
being needed to go back
after certain times
because it could not sustain
this kind of holographic form
for too long.
>>LINDA: That's right.
>>TIM: Yeah.
And the interesting
thing is, why is that?
It is because at that
time, the planet Earth
is in such a strong
field of 3D consciousness
or used to be in that form
that performing something that
could be considered
magic, so to speak,
isn't sustainable for too long.
>>LINDA: But was
he, in his holoform,
speaking to you the
way I'm speaking to you
or was it telepath?
>>TIM: No, no.
In German.
And I found that
very interesting,
and I picked up on that
and I learned some of that.
Is that this being was able to
alter frequencies around him so
that a conversation could
be done acoustically
but everyone else in the room
could not pick up on it, which
I found really interesting.
>>LINDA: Which would mean
controlling the minds.
Because if you can control
the language center, which
I understand is truly a fact
that we're dealing with beings,
they communicate directly
with the language center.
That's why language doesn't
matter anywhere on the Earth.
People are hearing
voices in their language.
>>TIM: Yeah.
>>LINDA: And that's
how they do it.
So if they were
in a cocktail room
and they were controlling
all of the language centers
around them, they could
literally blot out 99%
and only be heard by one or two.
>>TIM: Right.
So in this particular
situation, this
reptile being was
speaking verbally,
but using psionic waves
and kind of create a field
around the acoustics
that contradicts
the acoustic information.
So everyone around who's not
perceiving that direct beam
of vocalized
acoustic information
would only hear some
blurrish something.
Like, excuse me,
what did you say?
And I found that
interesting, because he
was directly insulting someone
who's closely close by,
and I thought, oh, my goodness.
That was pretty rude.
And the other guy was
like, huh, excuse me.
What?
>>LINDA: If gold would be
the currency among the ETs,
is gold a barter system
throughout this entire Milky
Way galaxy and
maybe the universe?
>>TIM: Some planets have
arranged or set up a currency
in order to--
exchangement of things
into commerce, so to speak.
But it doesn't seem to be like
a standard currency that's
accepted everywhere.
What I assume what was happening
is that this group of reptiles
is coming to this
planet in order
to steal resources
from this planet,
because it's so easy to
do, because they understand
that there is an installation
which this group seems
to not have put up onto Earth.
But they benefit from it
because people on Earth
are so easy victims because they
do not understand how psionics
work, they do not have
any defensive mechanism
against psychic control
and so on and so forth.
So it's--
>>LINDA: And we have
never been told the truth
that other intelligences
are coming and going
on our planet, which then makes
the whole human population
vulnerable because we don't
have even a context in which
to describe to a neighbor,
there's an ET here from Sirius.
We don't have that ability.
>>TIM: Right.
So if I understand the
current situation correctly,
then I mean, there are forces on
this planet-- human forces that
try to prevent those
situations just
in the way that any
national security
group tries to prevent stealth
and whatever, you name it.
But that doesn't mean that there
are still incidents, probably,
around the Earth where some
ET groups take advantage
of the situation
that we're having.
>>LINDA: Of our ignorance.
Meaning, in a
respectful way, humans
are ignorant because we
have never been taught
and told the truth.
>>TIM: Right.
So look at it.
If you have, for example, a
Native American group that,
maybe, collects a lot
of gold or whatever
and then someone comes
to them and thinks,
oh, my goodness, that's
precious metal, we want that.
And then they give them
fake glass stones which
still look fancy, then it's
pretty easy, and I mean,
this literally happened
in Earth history.
Then it's easy to
take the gold and give
something that might be useless
to someone who doesn't know.
>>LINDA: But could this
relate to this concept
that you have introduced
of installation?
Installation by
reptiles that want to--
>>TIM: Yes.
>>LINDA: --superimpose over
us as humanity on Earth--
>>TIM: Yes.
>>LINDA: --not to help us
evolve but to restrict us,
because there are aspects
of reptilian civilization,
they want Earth.
And they want Earth now
without humans on it.
They want Earth for themselves.
Is that part of
the cross-section
of what you are talking about
that this character that you
dealt with, could
have been trying
to deal with energy systems
that are meant to curtail us?
And if that's active, Tim, if
you look at the world condition
today and everything
that we are up against,
struggling to
survive, would that
mean that the installation
is getting what it wants?
>>TIM: Yes.
So I want to make clear that
this particular species seem
to be not responsible
for the installation.
They take their
advantages over humanity
like for many,
many years in a way
that they know how to move
around reality and to--
they have a higher
consciousness,
and for them it's like dealing
with a baby or something.
With a baby race, so they take
certain advantages of that.
>>LINDA: There have been
abduction cases where
there have been a reptile
and a Grey next to each other
while the human is on a bed.
And we're actually seen
the reptile do this
to the Grey in a violent way.
And it's always
left the impression
that the Greys and the Reptiles
will be found sometimes
working together but they
don't like each other.
And then throughout
Western Europe,
you have all of
those stone statues
and the paintings of a blonde
with a sword plunging it down
into the throat of
a snake or a dragon.
So all three-- the Blondes
versus the Reptiles
versus the Greys,
it always seems
to be that they are
in conflict exactly
as that man told me in 1999.
>>TIM: Yeah.
>>LINDA: That's why
I wondered if you
had that impression as well.
>>TIM: The Greys sell these
little fabricated bodies,
which makes all
these cases pretty
hard to put into context.
>>LINDA: Oh, they're
selling their own AI self
to all of the different beings?
>>TIM: You can have one.
If you get in contact
with the Greys,
it's possible that
even an individual
can have one of these
little fiber printed bodies.
So that doesn't mean
that the Greys themselves
are involved in some
of these activities,
it just means they are selling
their little fabricated
bodies to another species
so that they can use it.
>>LINDA: So the Reptile was
just pissed off at his robot.
>>TIM: So the interesting
thing about the Greys
is they, as a
warrior-type species,
they have this
interesting thought
to collect as many warrior-type
species as possible
and to create a network
under all these types
of warrior-type species,
including human warriors,
meaning military or something.
That is what the
Greys want to do.
Because in the end after level
6 consciousness, what they want
is to have the biggest
collective warrior-type species
in order to prevent
certain neuro characters,
self-destructive
aspects of the universe.
>>LINDA: The bad ones.
The bad ones that are--
>>TIM: The bad ones.
They want to collect every other
warrior-type species that is OK
in order to fight for the
good, so to speak, and then
use this force against
the one bad species.
And through that, they
assume that they then
can proceed with a
unified collective species
because they solved
that problem.
>>LINDA: In your downloading
or interaction with the Greys,
have you ever gotten an image of
the Nordics or the Tall Whites?
>>TIM: No.
What I can say is and
what I can confirm
that there is a specific
reptilian race which
we refer to as Zorgons.
And from that, I
would say, I can
confirm what you said
about competing species.
You said the Greys and a
certain reptile species
are in conflict.
From that viewpoint, I
would say that's the case.
>>LINDA: And the
Zorgon looks like what?
>>TIM: Dragon-type,
I would say--
>>LINDA: With a long tail.
>>TIM: Do they have a long tail?
I mean, it's relative, but yes.
And they have a snout.
So these are beings
that also have
cues to have done
time modification
and seem to be trying to slow
down the evolution of Earth.
But again, I'm very careful
with those accusations,
so to speak, because
that's not my expertise
and I'm not trying to
find exit strategies.
>>LINDA: Why do you
think that you're
in a German organization
that is trying to understand
the presence and motives and
goals of extraterrestrials
on the planet?
And that you've had most of
your experiences with Greys
of varying types-- artificial
and robots and organic.
>>TIM: Right.
And Being 6.
>>LINDA: And that you have
learned about reptilians
because the Greys have
a variety of experiences
with them and relationships.
>>TIM: Right.
>>LINDA: But then
if you move over
into the world that I have
been trying to navigate,
and I'm in the United
States not Germany,
and that the Blondes, the Tall
Whites, those humanoid species,
they seem to be critical to the
American definition of moving
out into space with help.
And that the help that we are
getting and have been getting
since at least
1972, if not before,
are always defined as
the 8 to 9-foot tall All
Whites or the 6, 7,
maybe 8-foot tall Nordics
with the blue eyes.
The Nordic type, you see
that in Western Europe.
That would be this
Saint Michael plunging
the sword down into the mouth
of a dragon or of a snake.
Not much about the
Tall Whites anywhere.
But in Europe, you would say,
the Reptiles, the Blondes,
and perhaps, implied in the
nomes of history are the Greys.
In Europe, but not in
other parts of the planet.
What do you think that means?
Why would there be geopolitical
territory for three competing
ET groups and maybe only
one singular one, let's say,
in South America?
What is going on?
>>TIM: What I understand is
that different ET species have
placed different sample groups
or different genetic humans,
genetically manipulated
original humans,
on different places
on the Earth.
And not all of them were
Greys, not all of them
were reptiles, whatever.
So we're talking about a
number of at least 15 species,
probably more than have
placed different sample groups
on different territories
on the Earth.
What then seemed
to have happened
is that some of
the sample groups
that developed very
peacefully, very harmonically,
that these were
invaded or conquered
by those sample groups
that have a higher
tendency towards aggression.
>>LINDA: Oh, yeah.
>>TIM: Yeah.
So some of these sample
groups have gone underground,
some of these sample
groups were re-collected
and some just
disappeared and we don't
know what happened to them.
Some might be extinct as well
from inner human conflict,
so to speak.
I've seen documents--
not that I'm--
have communicated
with the species
and I don't have too many
informations on that,
but there seem to, for example,
be a very specific sample
group placed in the
continent of India,
which is the original sample
group that all the Germans
today originated from.
So there seems to be a
sample group in India that
was the original Germans
that have been placed there
from many, many
thousands of years ago.
And as Germany is a
Indo-Germanic tribe that went
from India, was forcefully
pushed away from India,
went through Russia, and then
ended up in the German forests
and all the way became--
>>LINDA: And they were Aryans?
>>TIM: Right.
That's what I wanted to say.
>>LINDA: Blonde hair,
white skin, blue eyes.
>>TIM: Yes.
>>LINDA: So what--
the assumption
is that they were a DNA
genetic manipulation by Nordics
to create the German.
>>TIM: At least this is a
assumption that comes from
different documents that I've
seen where some of the 1940
Germans were--
some groups of them
were interested
in order to re-purify
the genetic line in order
to become what was in India
some thousands of years ago.
So that is the
missing link why--
at least as I
understand, why there
was these kind of genetic
experiments and discussions
around the 1940s in Europe.
>>LINDA: And it raises
this really strange
almost irony or paradox.
India has been associated
with very peaceful people.
And if there was a genetic
manipulation in India
by the Nordics to create
a species that would be,
perhaps, closer to
them, they are known
to be very quick to fight.
Then the irony would
be that Being 6
says that everything is
evolving to get rid of conflict.
But the Nordics would have
gone into a pacified, peaceful
culture to create a
more aggressive German,
takes them and puts
them in Germany,
and ultimately, we end up
with World War II centered
around a German who says that
he is working with Aldebaran,
blonde, blue-eyed
extraterrestrials that
will take over the planet
and replace the Hebrews.
If the goal is to
be peaceful, why
would beings then choose to
make a more aggressive hybrid?
Because in the end,
it was the hybrids
that have caused the wars.
>>TIM: So I would say that the
genetic profile of beings that
show a high tendency
towards aggression
is always a threat
to those species that
do not show aggression at all.
So that seemed to be the
case in Earth history
that there were many
very harmonious tribes
all over the world flourishing
and developing very peaceful,
but also some sample
groups were placed
on Earth that seemed to
show a very high tendency
towards aggression.
And if-- I mean, just
if an outside force
wanted to slow down
evolution on a planet,
then putting a tribe
onto a planet that
shows very high tendencies
towards war or something
would be something to bring the
whole system out of balance.
>>LINDA: We have a
complicated history.
And I wish-- whether
it was Nordics,
whether it was
Reptiles, whether it
was Greys, Tall Whites,
that we would have a council
meeting in which all humans
could be told some kind of,
here is the true consistent
history of Earth.
>>TIM: Yeah.
I mean, it seems
to be very likely
that all these species that
you have just mentioned
did something
somehow at some time.
And I think that complicated
Earth history a lot
and the situation
that this planet has
so many destabilized
qualities probably
results from these
different influences.
Yeah.
>>LINDA: What do you personally
see when you look forward
10, 20, 30 years?
>>TIM: I personally
see a tendency
right now where people have
intellectualized and understood
that we are all aspects of the
same being and the same life
force.
And that we need to collaborate
on a growing trust basis
in order to make
our lives better.
But I mean, I see that there
are some aspects of our life
that just want to fight,
and how ignorant would it
be from our perspective
as tolerant beings to say,
you shouldn't fight.
It's not allowed.
This is not the way it works.
So Being 6 suggested that
warrior-types species
must fight because
that is their thing.
That is what they do.
But it does not
include any other being
and any other aspect of the
universe to necessarily suffer.
>>LINDA: But that's the problem.
As soon as there is an
attack and violence and then
you are hurting those that
did not want any violence,
you automatically are
inciting more violence
from those that did not
want anything but peace.
>>TIM: Right.
And that is a paradox that
needs to be solved at some time.
And the approach, for
example, the Greys doing--
and the approach which I
see from human military
and administration, is that
protection and defensive
mechanisms seem to be something
that potentially could work.
Meaning, there are
a lot of species
that show no aggression, no
invasive behavior at all,
but they have very, very strong
defensive mechanisms developed.
And it seems-- so to me,
the question is not to--
I mean, not to stop fighting
because I think that needs
to be resolved naturally.
>>LINDA: If we were taught
to take that energy of what
we wanted something and it was
tied to just never give up,
going for something that
might be achievable but never
with violence,
what kind of planet
would we be on if all
children were taught that?
Never give up, but
never choose violence.
>>TIM: Yeah.
I would be super happy
about the universe that
stops fighting at all.
>>LINDA: I know.
>>TIM: I would love to see that.
The higher in experiences
we go, the less
the tendency to fight at all.
And we have different
versions, different timelines
of how soon the universe
will stop competing
and how soon the
universe will create
a constructive and creative
pattern at all time
and everywhere.
And I think every
one of us, observing
aspect of the same being,
but essentially, we
are just one life form.
This is just one baby
universe being born right now
in that moment, and
we're just observing
that it's quasi,
the transition stage
to the next born
universe, so to speak.
So I think every one of
us has a responsibility,
and every one of us can just say
one sentence at a time per day
and just say what
he/she/it wants
in respect to their lives.
And the universe, it's a
super simple thing to do,
but it works.
The universe you know--
>>LINDA: Listens.
>>TIM: Listens, right.
And it changes everything.
Just say, I want my life to be
peaceful, or all shift happily
now, or whatever you
want to contribute to,
and the universe
picks up on that 100%.
>>LINDA: And it is 13.8 billion
light years and counting.
And if you divided that by
four, and you had four epics,
and we're in the
fourth epic, it means
that there have been beings,
consciousness, at least 10
billion years old before
this end of the universe
was even born.
Then the idea that there
are advanced beings
that can move without even
craft, it's not astonishing.
It's just inevitable.
And we have to catch up
to the reality of being
in a 13.8-billion year universe
when we're at the new end.
>>TIM: Yeah.
And potentially catch
up to the reality
that you do not need
technologies in order
to do all these fancy things.
So if you're thinking
about relocating yourself,
that is something that
can as well be done.
When your consciousness
and your experience level
is high enough, then all these
probabilities and possibilities
are there waiting
for us to explore.
>>LINDA: Tim, I really
want to thank you
for being with me on this
"Truth Hunter" special.
It has been an
extraordinary journey,
and I hope we're going to help
take a lot of people with us
to places they've
never been before,
but where our whole planet
is inevitably going.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Coming up on the
next "Truth Hunter."
>>TIM: We have so many
contradictory facts to history,
and they still seem to be true.
All of them at the same time.
Being 6, they don't
see any history at all,
they see like outside of time.
We are the observers and it's
a self-remembering process
to know that we
are the observers.
>>LINDA: What gives
you hope that we are
headed in a loving direction?
>>TIM: 100%, we are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]